docs: Add kubernetes azure auth provider section (#13584)
backstage/backstage: docs/features/kubernetes/authentication.md

## Server Side Providers

These providers authenticate your _application_ with the cluster, meaning anyone that is

> logged in into your backstage app will be granted the same access to Kubernetes objects,
> to put an example,even guest users would have access to the cluster resources, so be
> careful of using server side providers with guest access enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
logged in into your backstage app will be granted the same access to Kubernetes objects, including guest users.
```

- `localKubectlProxy`
- `serviceAccount`

### Azure

The Azure server side authentication provider works by authenticating on the server with

> the Azure CLI `az login`, meaning any user that can access the backstage app will have

Reviewer 2: I think the truth is a bit more complicated than "it uses `az login`" -- I'd love to get input from @goenning who added this auth provider, but in [this comment](https://github.com/backstage/backstage/pull/11299#issuecomment-1119584630) they describe some of the subtleties of that `DefaultAzureCredential` from microsoft. Technically it _can_ use `az login` if the azure CLI is available to the backstage process, but it will try getting creds from [`AZURE_*` env vars](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/azure.identity.environmentcredential?view=azure-dotnet) or [Azure's Managed Identity service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/azure.identity.managedidentitycredential?view=azure-dotnet) first, according to [these docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/azure.identity.defaultazurecredential?view=azure-dotnet).

Reviewer 2: Also maybe worth noting (though it's quite technical and specific) that azure CLI command that gets run by the `AzureCliCredential` is not `az login`, but [`az account get-access-token --output json --resource 6dae42f8-4368-4678-94ff-3960e28e3630`](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/eba5089bba45358b62f1d3b1b7c33972f224e812/sdk/identity/identity/src/credentials/azureCliCredential.ts#L50-L59), where that GUID is the ID of the "Azure Kubernetes Service AAD Server" used by all AAD-enabled AKS clusters.

Author: I've updated the text & steps, should I go in detail about those other ways to provide credentials?

Reviewer 2: The extra details here are very nice, props.

I know you didn't actually explore this in your investigations, but unfortunately the azure CLI use case is probably not the most important one to document -- it would mainly be used when iterating on a Backstage app running locally. The env var and managed identity options are more suitable for production use cases -- I imagine that's what @goenning uses for real.

You probably don't want to document something you haven't actually tested yourself, and I don't think it's worth investing your time in testing those other cases at this point, so I'm happy resolving this conversation for now. It's a big improvement!

the same level of access to the cluster in the Kubernetes plugin, to put an example, even

> guest users would have access to the cluster resources.

Reviewer 2: This is actually true for any server side auth provider, so maybe call it out in the above section rather than here?

Author: I only got to test Azure clusters with the guest login, so I was not sure if it was indeed the case for all server-side providers, I'll move & reword this to the server-side section directly.

```yaml
kubernetes:
  clusterLocatorMethods:
    - type: 'config'
      clusters:

>         - name: Random cluster name in backstage

Reviewer 2: Maybe
```suggestion
        - name: My AKS cluster
```
would be a little more helpful?

- `localKubectlProxy`
- `serviceAccount`

### Azure

The Azure server side authentication provider works by authenticating on the server with
the Azure CLI, please note that [Azure AD Authentication][1] is a requirement and has to
be enabled in your AKS cluster, then follow these steps:

> - [Install the Azure CLI][2] in the device where the backstage application will run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Install the Azure CLI][2] in the environment where the backstage application will run.
```

Sorry device was a bit too awkward for me 😅

- `localKubectlProxy`
- `serviceAccount`

### Azure

The Azure server side authentication provider works by authenticating on the server with
the Azure CLI, please note that [Azure AD Authentication][1] is a requirement and has to
be enabled in your AKS cluster, then follow these steps:

> - [Install the Azure CLI][2]

Reviewer: I think it could be useful to clarify where the CLI should be installed
